[IMP] inventory: Delivery Methods (#11913)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping_receiving/setup_configuration/new_delivery_method.rst

   #. Scroll to the :guilabel:`Shipping` section and enable the :guilabel:`Delivery Methods` feature
      by checking the corresponding checkbox.

   .. image:: new_delivery_method/enable-delivery.png
      :alt: Enable the *Delivery Methods* feature by checking the box in Configuration > Settings.

On the :guilabel:`Delivery Methods` page, add a method by clicking :guilabel:`New`. Doing so opens
a form to provide details about the shipping provider, including:

- :guilabel:`Delivery Method` (*Required field*): the name of the delivery method (e.g. `flat-rate
  shipping`, `same day delivery`, etc.).
- :guilabel:`Provider` (*Required field*): choose the delivery service, like FedEx, if using a
  :ref:`third-party carrier <inventory/shipping/third_party>`. Ensure the integration with the
  shipping carrier is properly installed and select the provider from the drop-down menu.

  For more details on configuring custom shipping methods, such as :ref:`fixed price
  <inventory/shipping/fixed>`, :ref:`based on rules <inventory/shipping/rules>`, or :ref:`pickup in
  store <inventory/shipping/pickup>` options, refer to their respective sections below.

> - :guilabel:`Website`: configure shipping methods for an e-commerce page. Select the applicable

Reviewer: Please update to bold app name
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Website`: configure shipping methods for an **eCommerce** page. Select the applicable
```

      :alt: Example of filling out a shipping method.

.. _inventory/shipping/rules:

Based on rules
--------------

To calculate the price of shipping based on pricing rules, set the :guilabel:`Provider` field to the
:guilabel:`Based on Rules` option. Optionally, adjust :guilabel:`Margin on Rate` and
:guilabel:`Additional margin` to include additional shipping costs.

Create pricing rules
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Navigate to the :guilabel:`Pricing` tab and click :guilabel:`Add a line`. Doing so opens the
:guilabel:`Create Pricing Rules` window, where the :guilabel:`Condition` related to the product
weight, volume, price, or quantity is compared to a defined amount to calculate the
:guilabel:`Delivery Cost`.

Once finished, click either :guilabel:`Save & New` to add another rule, or :guilabel:`Save & Close`.

.. example::
   To charge customers $20 in shipping for orders with five or fewer products, set the
   :guilabel:`Condition` to `Quantity <= 5.00`, and the :guilabel:`Delivery Cost` to `$20`.

   .. image:: new_delivery_method/pricing-rule.png
      :alt: Display window to add a pricing rule. Set a condition and delivery cost.

> To restrict shipping to specific destinations on the eCommerce website, in the shipping method form,
> navigate to the :guilabel:`Destination Availability` tab and define the :guilabel:`Countries`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restrict shipping to specific destinations on the **eCommerce** website, in the shipping method
form, navigate to the :guilabel:`Destination Availability` tab and define the :guilabel:`Countries`,
```

------------------------

Optionally, set different warehouse delivery processes for a shipping method by configuring
different :doc:`routes <../daily_operations/use_routes>` for it.

.. example::
   Configuring multiple routes per shipping method is helpful for adjusting warehouse delivery
   processes based on:

   - speed (e.g., use :doc:`one-step delivery <../daily_operations/receipts_delivery_one_step>` for
     express shipping, or :doc:`two-step <../daily_operations/receipts_delivery_two_steps>` for
     standard shipping).
   - international shipping (e.g. use :doc:`three-step delivery
     <../daily_operations/delivery_three_steps>` to prepare documents for customs)
   - in-store pickup or home delivery: ship from the central warehouse, or pick from the store's
     stock, depending on customer selection.

To set up routes, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Routes`. Click
:guilabel:`New`, or select the desired route.

On the route form, in the :guilabel:`Applicable On` section, tick the :guilabel:`Shipping Methods`
checkbox.

.. figure:: new_delivery_method/shipping-route.png
   :alt: Routes form with the Shipping Methods checkbox selected.

>    Routes form with the Shipping Methods checkbox ticked.

Reviewer: Please add a :guilabel: here :)
```suggestion
   Routes form with the :guilabel:`Shipping Method` checkbox ticked.
```
